http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=1007 news
https://what-if.xkcd.com/feed.atom facts
http://feeds.gawker.com/kotaku/full entertainment
http://feeds.gawker.com/gawker/full entertainment
http://feeds.gawker.com/gizmodo/full entertainment
http://feeds.gawker.com/lifehacker/full facts
http://www.smbc-comics.com/rss.php comics
https://xkcd.com/rss.xml comics
http://thinkprogress.org/feed/?spfeed=home news
https://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/ computers
https://blog.torproject.org/blog/feed computers
https://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml computers
http://seclists.org/rss/fulldisclosure.rss computers
http://disconnected.io/feed/ computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/hacking/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/crypto/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/privacy/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/blackhat/.rss computers
http://www.theverge.com/rss/index.xml news
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/google/.rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/tech/.rss computers
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/features computers
https://www.reddit.com/.rss entertainment
http://www.wired.com/feed/ news
http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/feed/ computers
https://www.debian.org/security/dsa-long computers
http://raspbian.org/FrontPage?action=rss_rc&unique=1&ddiffs=1 computers
http://www.thoughtcrime.org/blog/rss.xml computers
http://blog.erratasec.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss computers
http://feeds.maketecheasier.com/MakeTechEasier computers
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/rss/news news
http://www.pcgamer.com/rss gaming
http://www.labofapenetrationtester.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss computers
https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/.rss entertainment
https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/.rss entertainment
https://www.reddit.com/r/battlerite/.rss gaming
https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/.rss gaming
https://www.reddit.com/r/steam/.rss gaming
https://www.reddit.com/r/games/.rss gaming